# Hybrid Method for Local Consumption Forecasting

The  electric  grid  becomes  a  smart  grid  [1].  Among  itsevolution, it includes the consumer’s behaviors to regulate theenergy  flows  and  prices.  Furthermore,  many  power  stationsand  renewable  energy’s  plants  are  built  in  a  trellis  to  deliverenergy across a country. To optimize energy flows, the electricsystem  requires  the  knowledge  of  the  future  consumption  inshort term. This means to know the overall consumption andany local consumption. Estimating energy consumption is oneof the major challenges of our time and yet, the considerationfor this field is still increasing. Buildings represent 40% of thetotal energy consumption, thus many studies focus on them.Besides  the  energy  flows  optimization,  predicting  energyconsumption  allows  us  to  have  a better  understanding  of  ourmodes of consumption. We will be able to reduce losses andsave energy by precisely identifying low consumption peaks anhigh consumption peaks and thus, adapting supply to demandthrough  Demand-Response  programs  [2].  It’ll  be  useful  fordecision  making  and  planning  for  the  future  democratizationof renewable energy and the decentralization of the means ofenergy production.Since  energy  consumption  is  a  set  of  ordered  values  rep-resenting  an  evolution  of  a  quantity  over  time,  it  is  treatedas a time series forecasting problems. Actual contributions inthis  field  use  data  driven  models  to  predict  the  consumptionover   time.   The   energy   consumption   is   estimated   for   thenext minutes, hours or sometimes, days. Energy consumptionforecasting  mostly  focus  on  predicting  the  consumption  of  awhole building, or a set of building.Predicting  the  whole  consumption  of  a  building  may  be  asource  of  errors.  This  whole  consumption  regroups  multipledevices and appliances and the aggregated sum can be difficultto  predict  since  it’s  hard  for  models  to  distinguish  betweendifferent devices. For our method, we propose a per-applianceprediction rather than one total prediction. Indeed, predictingeach  appliance  and  aggregating  the  results  may  gives  betterperformances  than  directly  predicting  the  entire  consumptionof  the  building.  By  applying  an  estimation  to  each  device,it  will  be  easier  for  data-driven  models  to  distinguish  thedifferent consumption phases of each appliance.Many  company  have  built  their  business  model  on  thosenew  paradigms,  thus  they  focus  on  local  consumers.  Thosecompany provides various sensors and smart meter to be ableto  predict  the  local  consumption.  However,  the  consumersdon’t have the property of their data nor the decision-makingability for any demand-response programs. Given this state ofaffairs, it is crucial to provide a free and embedded programto  consumer  who  want  to  manage  their  energy  consumptionand energy cost. This program only need devices consumptionto avoid technical knowledge to build the system.Those  companies  mostly  focus  on  large  to  medium  con-sumers  like  others  companies,  industries  or  shopping  build-ings.  Whereas  peaks  and  gaps  in  the  national  consumption’scurve are mainly due to private use, by small/local consumers.Thus, a huge part of the problem isn’t considered. The maincontribution  of  this  paper  is  to  provide  a  program  usable  bysmall consumers. This program give forecasts about their con-sumption. It is useful for the providers to route the electricityand to plan the production. It is either useful to consumer toplan their consumption knowing the price of energy. The mainapplication  is  about  Demand-Response,  since  both  providersand consumers are aware of their future.Our  program  is  a  general  method  which  adapt  itself  toany  device,  i.e.  its  consumption’s  curve  seen  as  time  series.The proposed method is an hybrid method with multiple deeplearning models: our approach fit with any time series. Modelsimportance  in  the  final  prediction  will  be  determined  usingthe best suited model for a given time series. With this, somemodels  will  have  more  weight  in  a  function  (called  weightfunction) depending on their performance on this time seriesat  a  given  time.  The  weight  function  is  greatly  inspired  tothe  Q-learning  method.  A  weight  update  function  is  used  tocontinually update the model weight and thus, ensure that thebest models, will have higher weight for the final estimation.Our  method  is  applied  to  the  ENERTALK  dataset,  whichcontains per-appliance measurements from 22 houses in Korea,
shows  that  using  a  hybrid  prediction  allows  the  model  to  fitseveral  different  kind  of  consumption  /  time  series  withoutchanging the models or without tuning parameters.The paper is structured as follows: the section2presents theliterature review about consumption forecasting / consumptionprediction;  our  approach  is  shown  and  detailed  in  the  thirdsection;  experiments  to  validate  our  method  are  provided  insection4. We conclude in the section5.